docs/Contributing/Introduction.md, before:

# Introduction
The Enarx project welcomes contributions!

We've tried to compile everything you'll need to get involved with the project here, but if anything is unclear, please come talk to us directly.

This page aims to:
1. give you the basic information and tools to participate in the project and
2. help you find out more about the various ways to contribute.

## Code of Conduct
The Enarx project aims to be a welcoming and inclusive community, and to this
end adheres to and enforces the Contributor Covenant code of conduct. You can read it
[here](https://github.com/enarx/.github/blob/main/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).

## Asking questions
We are happy to answer as best we can any question you have about Enarx.

There are three ways you can ask questions:
- using the chat (see the Communicating section below)
- during one of the weekly meetings (see the Meetings section below)
- using the issue tracker (see the [How to contribute: issues reporting](Issues) page)

Please use whatever method you are most comfortable with.

## Communicating
All project discussion takes place on **Rocket Chat**. Feel free to drop in and say hi!

You can find us here: [chat.enarx.dev](https://chat.enarx.dev)


## Meetings

We have **daily meetings** at 10:00-10:30 EST, using [Google Meet](https://meet.google.com/uxk-ipyg-iui). No account is needed to join.

The full Enarx calendar is available as a [Google Calendar](https://calendar.google.com/calendar/embed?src=leatqk15m1f34loatvatftkm48%40group.calendar.google.com&ctz=America%2FNew_York). No account is needed to view.

The meetings happen on [Google Meet](https://meet.google.com/uxk-ipyg-iui). (You do not need any account to join.)

Please check the [Meetings](https://enarx.dev/meetings) page for more information.


### Meeting structure and focus
Our usual routine is to go through any new issues that have been opened since the last meeting (triage) then have a quick round-the-horn discussion of the team's daily activities. Newcomers are very welcome, if you have any questions don't hesitate to join.

There is also an outreach meeting, on Tuesdays and Wednesdays fortnightly. More info on the [outreach](Outreach) page.

## How to contribute, in various ways
There are multiple ways you can contribute to the Enarx project.

Enarx is a complex endeavour, and different skills and people are needed to
build it successfully. We strongly believe that everyone should feel welcome
to contribute to Enarx, and that the more varied the team is, the healthier the
project will be and the better Enarx will be for it.

With this in mind, here are the current main ways to contribute, but by no means the only ones:

* [Contribute by writing code](Code)
* [Contribute by reporting issues](Issues)
* [Contribute by suggesting an RFC](RFCs)
* [Contribute by helping with documentation](Docs)
* [Contribute by helping with outreach efforts](Outreach)


## Getting started
If you are unsure of how to start contributing, we suggest you look at the [Onboarding](Onboarding) page, which will guide you through learning the tools used by the project and provide a path you can follow.

If you are still unsure whether your skills can be useful or
just curious, we encourage you to come by our chat or drop in our daily meeting!

Commit message:

feat: remove meeting information
Co-authored-by: Quentin MICHAUD <quentin.michaud@thalesgroup.com>
Signed-off-by: Richard Zak <richard.j.zak@gmail.com>

docs/Contributing/Introduction.md, after:

# Introduction
The Enarx project welcomes contributions!

We've tried to compile everything you'll need to get involved with the project here, but if anything is unclear, please come talk to us directly.

This page aims to:
1. give you the basic information and tools to participate in the project and
2. help you find out more about the various ways to contribute.

## Code of Conduct
The Enarx project aims to be a welcoming and inclusive community, and to this
end adheres to and enforces the Contributor Covenant code of conduct. You can read it
[here](https://github.com/enarx/.github/blob/main/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).

## Asking questions
We are happy to answer as best we can any question you have about Enarx.

There are three ways you can ask questions:
- using the chat (see the Communicating section below)
- during one of the weekly meetings (see the Meetings section below)
- using the issue tracker (see the [How to contribute: issues reporting](Issues) page)

Please use whatever method you are most comfortable with.

## Communicating
All project discussion takes place on **Rocket Chat**. Feel free to drop in and say hi!

You can find us here: [chat.enarx.dev](https://chat.enarx.dev) or get in touch on GitHub [discussions](https://github.com/orgs/enarx/discussions).


## Outreach

You can have a look at the [outreach issues](https://github.com/enarx/outreach/issues) to find something that needs to be done!

## How to contribute, in various ways
There are multiple ways you can contribute to the Enarx project.

Enarx is a complex endeavour, and different skills and people are needed to
build it successfully. We strongly believe that everyone should feel welcome
to contribute to Enarx, and that the more varied the team is, the healthier the
project will be and the better Enarx will be for it.

With this in mind, here are the current main ways to contribute, but by no means the only ones:

* [Contribute by writing code](Code)
* [Contribute by reporting issues](Issues)
* [Contribute by suggesting an RFC](RFCs)
* [Contribute by helping with documentation](Docs)
* [Contribute by helping with outreach efforts](Outreach)


## Getting started
If you are unsure of how to start contributing, we suggest you look at the [Onboarding](Onboarding) page, which will guide you through learning the tools used by the project and provide a path you can follow.

If you are still unsure whether your skills can be useful or
just curious, we encourage you to come by our chat or drop in our daily meeting!
